[docs] Actions Refactoring (#4844)
DevExpress/testcafe: docs/articles/documentation/reference/test-api/testcontroller/typetext.md

Parameter              | Type                                              | Description
---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`selector`             | Function &#124; String &#124; Selector &#124; Snapshot &#124; Promise | Identifies the webpage element that will receive input focus. See [Select Target Elements](#select-target-elements).
`text`                 | String                                            | The text to be typed into the specified webpage element.

> `options`&#160;*(optional)* | Object                                            | A set of options that provide additional parameters for the action. See [Options](#options). If this parameter is omitted, TestCafe sets the cursor to the end of the text before typing, thus preserving the text that is already in the input box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`options`&#160;*(optional)* | Object                                            | A set of options that provide additional parameters for the action. See [Options](#options). If this parameter is omitted, TestCafe sets the cursor to the end of the text before typing. This preserves the text that is already in the input box.
```
